Please watch the following video that contains heartfelt comments from persecuted brothers and sisters in Russia
and see why we have no reason to fear persecution.
I was horrified when several masked officers broke down two doors and burst into the home where the meeting was being held.
Everything happened at once, loud sounds, noise, the order, everyone sit on the floor.
I was overcome with fear when they put me in handcuffs, placed me in the police van and took me to jail.
I was afraid because I didn't know how long I would be there and what was awaiting me.
When I was being interrogated, I was afraid that I might be unfaithful to Jehovah and let my brothers down.
After being detained, I was mostly afraid about what I would face in prison, who my would encounter, how to act, how others would treat me, the unknown.
When one of the officers began to describe how bad life is behind bars, I imagined that behind the officer stood an angel just like the one who supported Daniel in the illustration.
This helped me to calm down, not panic or be afraid. That's how Jehovah supported me.
At the first court appearance, when I was brought out, the broadest feelings impelled them to show supports on how, and they began implaning.
How that encouraged me that they were with me.
I was proud to succeed.
Fervent and sincere prayers that Jehovah helped me to cope with these fears.
Isaiah 30-15 gave me much support.
I realized that tranquility and trust in Jehovah are now the most important things.
Understanding this made things much easier for me.
We took the elevator down to the first floor, the doors open, and there stood a large crowd of our brothers and sisters, and they all began clapping.
When I saw that, my emotions just welled up, and I got a lump in my throat.
I felt as if I had wings. I felt the great cloud of witnesses.
I prayed to Jehovah for calmness, courage, and wisdom, and that he helped me not to bring reproach on his holy name.
Almost immediately, the peace of God came over me, and I was calm.
The unpleasant sensations did not go away, but I was no longer afraid.
While overcoming our fear, my wife and I try to go out and service every day.
When you don't concentrate on yourself, but focus on helping others, fear disappears.
Something that helped me to cope with my fears is hope.
Looking at the situation through Jehovah's eyes, seeing what will happen next.
That this is not the end of the situation, but only a difficult phase through which you can pass.
I was helped to cope with my fear by the words of the song. Take one day at a time, leave tomorrow until tomorrow. Peace is what I find.
I understood that it was important to solve problems as they came up, and not to be troubled by what might never happen.
Fear is interesting. That is, in principle, fear can be inside a person, and if someone is afraid, that is not shameful.
But the question is, can you overcome this fear? Can you get the fear under your control? Can you overcome the surge of negativity?
And when my heart persuaded me to get scared, then I started to pray.
I prayed to Jehovah to give me courage and not be afraid of anyone or anything.
I still say to myself, Felix, do not fear anybody or anything except Jehovah.
I will do that forever.